README.md, before:

![PicoBoot](/assets/PicoBoot.png)

# PicoBoot

This is a long awaited IPL replacement modchip for Nintendo GameCube. It's open source, cheap and easy to install.

## Features
* it's open source
* uses $4 Raspberry Pi Pico board
* very easy installation, only 5 wires to solder
* programmable via USB cable, without any drivers and programs
* automatically boots any DOL app of your choice
* uses "IPL injection" approach superior to mods like XenoGC

## Video guides and features overview

- [PicoBoot Modchip Will Unleash The POWER of Your Nintendo GAMECUBE! | Installation Guide and Overview](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qwL4ZSa0xMo) by [MachoNachoProductions](https://www.youtube.com/c/MachoNachoProductions)
- [This new Gamecube Modchip is a GAMECHANGER - PicoBoot](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lfMTLEM0yeQ) by [RockerGaming](https://www.youtube.com/c/RockerGaming)
- [$5 Gamecube IPL Modchip?! Picoboot Dol-001 + Dol-101 Installation / Setup / Showcase](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W_9-mSBMBJ4) by [ModzvilleUSA!](https://www.youtube.com/c/ModzvilleUSA)

## Installation guide

Head over to [the wiki](https://github.com/webhdx/PicoBoot/wiki) for [Installation guide](../../wiki/Installation-guide) and [Troubleshooting tips](../../wiki/Troubleshooting-tips).

## I appreciate your work. Can I support you in any way?

This project is free and available for everyone. If you want to support it anyway, consider using [:heart: Sponsor](https://github.com/sponsors/webhdx) button.

## Hall of Fame

I'd like to thank people who helped making PicoBoot possible:
* #gc-forever crew: [Extrems](https://github.com/Extrems), [novenary](https://github.com/9ary), [emu_kidid](https://github.com/emukidid) and others 
* [tmbinc](https://github.com/tmbinc) - he started it all 🙏 
* happy_bunny - I started my research with his great writeup on [Shuriken Attack](https://www.retro-system.com/shuriken_attack.htm)
* beta testers: [seewood](https://github.com/seewood), [MethodOrMadness](https://github.com/MethodOrMadness), [renanbianchi](https://github.com/renanbianchi)
* content creators: [MachoNachoProductions](https://www.youtube.com/c/MachoNachoProductions), [RockerGaming](https://www.youtube.com/c/RockerGaming), [ModzvilleUSA!](https://www.youtube.com/c/ModzvilleUSA)
* people who sponsored this project
* every PicoBoot enjoyer - it's all about you after all 😉

## Acknowledgements

Some parts of this project use GPL-2.0 licensed code from:
 * https://github.com/redolution/iplboot

Commit message:

add the good video of Joe Bleeps (#77)

README.md, after:

![PicoBoot](/assets/PicoBoot.png)

# PicoBoot

This is a long awaited IPL replacement modchip for Nintendo GameCube. It's open source, cheap and easy to install.

## Features
* it's open source
* uses $4 Raspberry Pi Pico board
* very easy installation, only 5 wires to solder
* programmable via USB cable, without any drivers and programs
* automatically boots any DOL app of your choice
* uses "IPL injection" approach superior to mods like XenoGC

## Video guides and features overview

- [PicoBoot Modchip Will Unleash The POWER of Your Nintendo GAMECUBE! | Installation Guide and Overview](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qwL4ZSa0xMo) by [MachoNachoProductions](https://www.youtube.com/c/MachoNachoProductions)
- [This new Gamecube Modchip is a GAMECHANGER - PicoBoot](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lfMTLEM0yeQ) by [RockerGaming](https://www.youtube.com/c/RockerGaming)
- [$5 Gamecube IPL Modchip?! Picoboot Dol-001 + Dol-101 Installation / Setup / Showcase](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W_9-mSBMBJ4) by [ModzvilleUSA!](https://www.youtube.com/c/ModzvilleUSA)
- [PicoBoot GameCube custom mod chip - make and install your own chip with a Raspberry Pi Pico](https://youtu.be/rDrosSd-nDc) by [Joe Bleeps](https://www.youtube.com/@JoeBleeps)

## Installation guide

Head over to [the wiki](https://github.com/webhdx/PicoBoot/wiki) for [Installation guide](../../wiki/Installation-guide) and [Troubleshooting tips](../../wiki/Troubleshooting-tips).

## I appreciate your work. Can I support you in any way?

This project is free and available for everyone. If you want to support it anyway, consider using [:heart: Sponsor](https://github.com/sponsors/webhdx) button.

## Hall of Fame

I'd like to thank people who helped making PicoBoot possible:
* #gc-forever crew: [Extrems](https://github.com/Extrems), [novenary](https://github.com/9ary), [emu_kidid](https://github.com/emukidid) and others 
* [tmbinc](https://github.com/tmbinc) - he started it all 🙏 
* happy_bunny - I started my research with his great writeup on [Shuriken Attack](https://www.retro-system.com/shuriken_attack.htm)
* beta testers: [seewood](https://github.com/seewood), [MethodOrMadness](https://github.com/MethodOrMadness), [renanbianchi](https://github.com/renanbianchi)
* content creators: [MachoNachoProductions](https://www.youtube.com/c/MachoNachoProductions), [RockerGaming](https://www.youtube.com/c/RockerGaming), [ModzvilleUSA!](https://www.youtube.com/c/ModzvilleUSA)
* people who sponsored this project
* every PicoBoot enjoyer - it's all about you after all 😉

## Acknowledgements

Some parts of this project use GPL-2.0 licensed code from:
 * https://github.com/redolution/iplboot
